Document new one-step setup for FM (#931)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/fleet-management/aura-api.adoc

All steps in the document assume that you already have a running Neo4j database that you want to manage through Fleet Manager.

Documentation for setting up your Neo4j database can be found from the following pages:

** Documentation for installing a Neo4j database can be found at: link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/installation/[Installation]

> ** The latest versions of Neo4j ship with Fleet Manager built-in. Documentation for installing the Fleet Manager plugin in older versions of Neo4j: xref:./setup.adoc#_setup_using_plugin_neo4j_4_4_x_5_26_x_2026_03_0[Plugin setup]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The latest version of Neo4j ships with Fleet Manager built-in. 
For earlier versions of Neo4j, you need the Fleet Manager plugin. 
For installation instructions, see xref:./setup.adoc#_setup_using_plugin_neo4j_4_4_x_5_26_x_2026_03_0[Plugin setup].
```
